# Don Bacon 

Bacon is a Republican member of the U.S. House Of Representatives from Nebraska's 2nd district. 
A native of Illinois, Bacon also is a retired military member. Bacon attended Northern Illinois University before partaking in Officers' Training School, where he joined the military, and eventual became a Brigadier General in the United States Air Force. 

During his time with the military, Bacon also was stationed in Germany an Iraq, along with stays at bases in the United States. Even during and after his time with the military, Bacon's education resumed, as he eventually received two Master's degrees, which I'm sure helped with his career development. 

As a conservative congressman, Bacon, you guessed it, has opposed issues such as same-sex marriage, the Affordable Care Act, legalization of marijuana and regulations controlling the emissions of greenhouse gasses. Bacon is one of the congress members supporting the GOP's potential replacement for Obamacare, dubbed the American Health Act, that could go into effect in 2018. 

According to FiveThirtyEight, Bacon has voted in line with Trump's proposals 100 percent of the time. 
Bacon also has his main Twitter account, in which he is relatively active. On June 21st, he responded to someone’s random tweet that asked, “What’s on the menu?” with the response “Bacon?” making a pun of his name. 

It’s not all about jokes for Bacon on social media though, he seems to frequently quote tweets of articles from the Omaha World-Herald, where he gives his opinion on matters they cover. 

According to one piece of that publication -- in which the writer attributed the Federal Election Commission-- Bacon raised $230,000 during the first quarter of 2017.

The article also remarks that Bacon did barely defeat Democrat incumbent Brad Ashford in a very close race last year. Bacon raised more money during the first quarter than Ashford did last year though. 

Of course, bringing it back to Twitter, Bacon does have two accounts, both are verified. His other is a more formal account in which tweets seem more professional, probably done by an assistant. That one is less fun.
